Update readme.md (#2682)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: content/roadmaps/110-java/content/readme.md

<DedicatedRoadmap
  href='/java'
  title='Java Roadmap'
  description='Click to check the detailed Java Roadmap.'
/>

> # Java
> 
> Java is a highlevel, object oriented programming language. It is one of the most popular programming languages in use. It is a general purpose language which follows WORA(write once, run anywhere). Its syntex is similar to C and C++. Java applications are typically compiled to bytecode that can run on any Java virtual machine (JVM) regardless of the underlying computer architecture.
> 
> <ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
> 
> <a href='https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/java/?ref=shm'>Geeks For Geeks – Java</a>
> <br>
> <a badgeText='Read' colorScheme="yellow" href='https://www.w3schools.com/java/default.asp'>Java Tutorial</a>
> <br>
> <a badgeText='Course' colorScheme='green' href='https://www.javatpoint.com/java-tutorial'>JavaTPoint - Learn Java from basics</a>
> <br>
> <a badgeText='Watch' href='https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eIrMbAQSU34'>Java Tutorial for Beginners</a>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Java

Java is a general-purpose language, primarily used for Internet-based applications.
It was created in 1995 by James Gosling at Sun Microsystems and is one of the most popular options for backend developers.

<ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='blue' badgeText='Official Website' href='https://www.java.com/'>Java Website</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://www.codecademy.com/learn/learn-java'>Codeacademy - Free Course</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://www.w3schools.com/java/'>W3 Schools Tutorials</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink badgeText='Watch' href='https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eIrMbAQSU34'>Java Crash Course</BadgeLink>
```
